tool: script to update the golang version (#1283)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/how-to-contribute.md

The Operator should start deploying the `agent` and `cluster-agent`.

## Golang version update

The Go version is defined in several files. To ensure all relevant files are updated, it is recommended to use the script `make update-golang`:

1. Update the Go version in the `go.mod` file.

> 2. Run the command `make update-golang`, which will patch all files that contain the Go version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the command `make update-golang`, which patches all files that contain the Go version.
```
